This class defines a log facility based on Tk usable by any class.

This log class will store all text passed to it. When its display
is not opened, the log text may be written on stdout. If a display is
opened, the text display will be updated with the log text.

When the display is created it will feature all logs written since the
creation of this object or since the clear method was called.


Puppet::* classes are designed to provide an access to the 
object using a GUI based on Tk.

The basic idea is when you construct a Puppet::* object, you have all the
functionnality of the object without the GUI. Then, when the need arises,
you may (or the class may decide to) open the GUI of the object.
On the other hand, if the need does not arise, you may instanciare a lot of 
object wihout cluttering your display.

For instance, if you have an object (say a ProcessGroup) 
controlling a set of proceses (Process objects). The user may start the
ProcessGroup through its GUI. Then all processes are run. If one of them
fails, it will raise its own GUI to display the cause of the problem and 
let the user decide what to do. 

This Log facility is but the tiniest bit of the Puppet objects I have
in store (or in mind).

Future Puppet will feature :
Puppet::Any (base class for other Puppets)
Puppet::Twins (for RPC calls and Puppet features)
Puppet::Process
Puppet::ProcessGroup
Puppet::AtomicTest (no nuke there, its just a test that cannot be divided)

Don't ask me for a release or a release date of them. I have prototypes of
most of them and I'll release them when I get the time to put them in a proper 
shape and to document them.


This is Version 0.01.  See the "Changes" file for details on
the new features and fixes in this release.

This module was written with perl5.004. 

See the embedded documentation in the module for more details.

Comments and suggestions are always welcome.

Note that this module is in alpha state. Its interface may change (but
I hope not).

Legal mumbo jumbo:

 Copyright (c) 1998 Dominique Dumont. All rights reserved.
 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
 modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
 THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 

 - Dominique Dumont
   dominique_dumont@grenoble.hp.com

---------------------------------------------------------------------
INSTALLATION

   	 gunzip -c <dist_file>.tar.gz | tar xvf -
   	 cd <dist_directory>
   	 perl Makefile.PL
   	 make test          
   	 make install







